<script>
           let root = document.getElementById("root");
           console.log(root);
           let heading = document.createElement("h1");
           heading.innerHTML="heading 1 from js";
           root.appendChild(heading);
           console.log(root); 
           
</script>

doubt :
in above code why both console output are same ?

Q1:What is Emmet?
Ans : Emmet is a Extension for Vs-code , by using developer can code in a fastest way to save time and extra effort
. they ave to type code like css selector and automatically code will added to files.

Q2 Difference between a Library and Framework?
both library and frameworks are the code written by someone to help other to use resuable code in frequent.
framework is a set off library(helpers, configurations, design pattern, etc), library is collection of some code. library is subset of framework.
code direct library ko call krta h , but framwork kissi code ko call krta h.
When you use a library, you are in charge of the flow of the application. You are choosing when and where to call the library. 
When you use a framework, the framework is in charge of the flow. It provides some places for you to plug in your code, 
but it calls the code you plugged in as needed.

Q3 What is CDN? Why do we use it?
A CDN is a network of servers that distributes content from an “origin” server throughout the world by caching content 
close to where each end user is accessing the internet via a web-enabled device. The content they request is first stored 
on the origin server and is then replicated and stored elsewhere as needed. By caching content physically close to where a 
user is and reducing the distance it has to travel, latency is reduced. This process also decreases stress on origin servers
 by distributing the load geographically across multiple servers.
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NNqVbVO566Q&ab_channel=MRVYAS


Q4 Why is React known as React?
React was developed for applications (Facebook) that have constantly changing data. Since React is a front-end library
 or the “View” in MVC, this means that as the user clicks around and changes the app’s data, the view should “react” or 
 change with those user events. User events being mouse clicks, typing, submitting a form.
 
Q What is crossorigin in script tag?
Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) refers to the method that allows you to make requests to the server deployed at 
a different domain


Q What is diference between React and ReactDOM
React provide core of React library but ReactDOM is used to manipulate dom level activity.

Q What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?
both are having same functionality , but react.production.js are minifird file of react.development code.

Q What is async and defer?
 async and defer are the keyword which are used inside script tag along with src.
 these are used to load external script efficiently to our web pages.

when we load web pages 2 things appen:
1. html parsing 
2 loading of script 
   loading of script happen in 2 ways :
   2.1 fetcing script from network
   2.2 execution of script 
example :
<script src ="abc.js"></script>
it start with html parsing, once script appers it stop html parsing, and start fetcing script from network,
once network fetcing is completed , it start executing of script(still Html parsing is in pause state), once script
execution is completed then only it start remaining  html parsing.

<script async src ="abc.js"><script>
Html parsing + fetcing of script from network parallely, once fetching is completed then it pause html parsing , and
start executing script. once execution of script is completed then it will start remaining html parsing.

<script defer src ="abc.js"></script>
in this case Html parsing +fetcing happen parallely, it continou parsing html , script will execute once parsing is completed.
 


